Mrs. Wang, I think you have misunderstood.
I did meet Mr. Wang once in private
But I went with our director
We're there to thank him for sponsoring our show
If you don't believe me, you can call the director
You are all the same raccoon dog
How can I believe anything you say?
Mrs. Wang, this is the top necklace Xu's live streaming host just received.
In his capacity, he can't afford to buy something so expensive
Maybe Mr. Wang spent a lot of money to buy it for him
Xu Shiyang's personal and physical evidence is conclusive
What else do you have to say?
Mrs. Wang, I think you are a smart person.
You just need to call to know the ins and outs of this necklace.
Why should you be led by the nose?
Ali, go and investigate for me now who bought this necklace.
Marty
I won't expose your relationship with Mr. Wang today
But that doesn't mean I won't
Miss Xu
Excuse me.
I made a mistake.
This necklace suits you well.
The person who chose this necklace also has great taste.
I wish you all happiness.
Thank you, Mrs Wang.
Xu Shiyang, I wanted to spare your life
But I've changed my mind now.